# QueryBrowser
Query Browser- A USER FRIENDLY SOFTWARE FOR ORACLE

THE success and the longevity of any prominent business nowadays depend on powerful application infrastructures and effective, reliable management and development solutions.
In present, a wide range of IT companies are striving to provide business owners with better application management and new, state-of-the-art development solutions and tools, vital for increasing productivity and facilitating process development for any business. In order to improve the overall performance of commonly used application servers, and to enhance the efficiency of specific application programs, more and more IT companies are currently aiming to develop new, competitive software programs that support popular, commonly used databases. Such software products offer an extended set of features that help businesses implement better management and development solutions and also considerably reduce the time, effort and costs of process development.
Most software products implement support for My SQL databases, providing users with a complete set of improved administration and development solutions. Enhancing and correcting the features provided by the popular My SQL Manager application, My SQL Turbo Manager is by far the best software solution for My SQL database management, administration and development in present. However, the standard My SQL Manager application can't effectively meet today's requirements, users needing more powerful and complex applications for creating, managing and interacting with various databases.
“QUERY BROWSER” for Oracle is a powerful Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Oracle Databases. Using the intuitive “QUERY BROWSER” GUI will increase your code quality and reduce the development process time.
“QUERY BROWSER” for Oracle easily enables you to build and execute queries, build and execute scripts, compile and debug SQL code, create and modify database objects, import and export data, enable and database monitoring among other features.
The computer has change the way we work learn and communicate virtually every kind of organization throughout the world conducts business with computers. For many organizations computer based information system are now at the heart of daily activities and a major consideration in corporate decision-making.
Most software products implement support for My SQL databases, providing users with a complete set of improved administration and development solutions. Enhancing and correcting the features provided by the popular My SQL Manager application, My SQL Turbo Manager is by far the best software solution for My SQL database management, administration and development in present. However, the standard My SQL Manager application can't effectively meet today's requirements, users needing more powerful and complex applications for creating, managing and interacting with various databases.
The project report for this system provides a comprehensive view of the overall system and various steps involved in the process of its development. The project report is divided into number of sections. The very first section describes the existing system, their problems and the proposed system.
The second section gives detail information of all database design process. The structure of the database that is designed in ORACLE is discussed in detail with the help of data dictionary and other diagrams. Various requirements and constraints have also been discussed. The biggest portion of this report is dedicated to the interface design. The interface design of the system is Graphical User Interface (GUI). The interface is designed in to Microsoft visual basic.net 2005. The structure of the interface is designed to provide several facilities along with the process for data storage, easy maintenance and retrieval of information, reports generation and a mean for analysis of the system outputs for better performance. The entire system is divided into several modules driven through a menu driven application. The other important section is to provide reports needed by the user.
“QUERY BROWSER” is a small software package that helps in managing the data. It provides a simple way to effectively store, retrieve and update the data without writing a single code. A user can easily create his own databank and store his/her data in Tabular form. As it works in windows environment it is user-Friendly Software. One can visually store, modify, search as well as locate one’s own data.  The key goal behind developing this software is to provide an easy and fast method of creating database and performing various operations on it. As all users are not computer professionals it prevents from illegal access of data by unauthorized user, by assigning a password to each databank. So that security could be maintained.
